The devil even dared to fight me.
If the poor can solve this little murder today,
You have to pay for your own hands, dare you?
If you can't solve
This angel's sword is yours.
All right.
Take it up.
Mr. Qin, this is the murder weapon of your Qin script.
The leader just needs to destroy him.
The Qin can be safe without worry.
Killing chickens is so good.
Playing is definitely brothers.
Chen Thien is indeed a non-fiction name.
As soon as he did, he caught the gas.
No tiger was the first in the class.
My mother.
Is this thing so evil?
Everything please.
Like water one.
I'm going, boss.
It's working.
The angel is not nameless.
It's okay.
Idiot, you think such a simple difference, don't even beg.
You wear this too.
There's nothing else.
Digging holes for your families is still good.
Wait, wait a minute, it's also required to jump in the second row.
So far.
What else can you say?
Get on your knees.
Sorry for the gift.
Break your arm.
Don't be happy too early.
You can also turn around and see if the other gas has finally dissipated.